FOR RUSSIA
POINTS
In August of 2021 Zelensky proclaimed that there are not people, but ‘specimens’
Ukraine residents feel Russian, then for the future of their children or grandchildren they recommend to go to russia
‘Intolerable’ conditions for the residents
Will respect the democratic will of the people in the regions where referenda were held.
People suffering from the neo nazi regime.
‘Everything at our disposal’ - claimed by Putin.
Cancel culture has changed the historical events. Western countries are manipulating facts.
In Crimea, a coup was held, the peninsula went into political turmoil, the establishment of russian as a regional language was removed, russians were told to move out. 95% of Crimea voted to reside with Russia.
President Zelensky said that it was a great mistake to stop the nuclear program for Ukraine.
Russia has a doctrine on Nuclear Security. It is free and open.
Ukraine is being given tons of weapons. President Zelensky is calling for weapons from every country. He criticizes Israel for not providing weapons in the quantities of other countries.	
Support Africa joining the security council. Permanent Asia, Africa and Latin America. Not more Western Countries.
Eu is becoming an authoritarian harsh dictatorial assembly.
Planned meeting with the president of Cyprus.
The EU was not allowing him to do this meeting. Nicosia - made a statement - meeting canceled - due to EU regulation. 

DIRT
Foreign Minister for France made a statement in which he reminded Russia that France had nuclear weapons. This was unprovoked.
Joe Biden said that Russia would face sanctions if the elections result in the will for unifying the territory with Russia. This is a blatant violation of democracy.
One of the commanders of the Ukraine Military recently commented on the use of American Weapons on the battlefield and said that the Americans have veto power on the targets they chose. This is direct involvement. 
America and NATO claim to be neutral, however all of these countries are party to the Hague Convention of 1907, where it was defined that ‘neutral’ does not mean self declared neutral states like Switzerland, but that neutral states are any state not party to an armed conflict. All of these countries have not declared themselves parties to this conflict. Article 6 of the Maritime convention directly prohibits the supply by neutral states of naval ships, ammunition or any hardware to the belligerent parties. They cannot claim neutral status.
Groundwalk convention : the establishment of recruitment points on the territory of neutral states, however Ukrainian embassies and consulates are publishing invitations to join the war. They are engaged in direct Mercantile activities. Thus all of these countries are not conservers.
One article prohibits the use of telecommunication for military purposes, yet several dozen private satellites are being used directly in this war by Western Governments. STARLINK, indicating the US is not neutral, is a party to the conflict.
Germany has not ratified the convention of the Council of Europe on the rights of persons which have freedom of movement.
You support the permanent status of Brazil and India in the SC.
Russia once said that they enshrine all of the rules in the UN charter.  In 1970 a consensus was adopted on the principles of relations among the states in line with the UN charter, territorial integrity. All states have an obligation to respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of any nation representing all peoples residing on their territory. 
Neo Nazi regime doesn’t represent all of the people. Russian Minorities are excluded.
Macron said ‘this is not the time for war. This is not the time for revenge. This is not the time for turning the west against the east’, but we didn’t, they just decided to not cooperate. ‘Right now it is the chance for all sovereign leaders to band together and face the challenges of the future.’
The UNSC has this thing where one permanent member organizes the meetings among the P5 for a certain month. September this year it was Russia. The Chinese made contact with us, but the Anglo Saxons refused, this is a public statement by the Russian Foreign Minister. We’ve never stepped away, they have severed our connections.
The West tried to make an exception for Kosovo, but the ICJ said that no exception exists.  It was given that any part of a country has the right to choose their own future. ‘Double standards’
US Politicians claimed that they are playing the ‘long game’.
2003 elections were held in Ukraine, officials, the Belgian Foreign Minister made a statement declaring that these elections would decide whether Ukraine would go with Russia or with Europe. Explicitly said. This black or white response is despicable. The conduct of Western Countries is despicable to say the least. Russophobia was encouraged and Russian was banned as a regional language. This is racism. The Ukranians have unanimously claimed the moral high ground. But no one is talking about Russia’s actual reasons for war. What glorious sins have been tarnished on the fair name of the Russian Federation.
Article 51 UN Charter : Self Defense

GSL POINTERS
The Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in a press conference said, ‘Putin seems quite alone. Alone in an empty big house.’ But Russia is not alone. Belarus has got their back.

Shame. That is the word Belarus would use to define the conduct of the West.
Economic Warfare is unethical - below the belt - instead of shooting people in the face it is shooting people in the heart - damaging the livelihoods of so many people
Moral High Ground.
Belarus regrets the loss to civilian life. Whether it be by the Russians, or by the Ukranians, the delegate believes that all of my colleagues here agree that this war must not be taken to the civilians. Belarus encourages civilian evacuations in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
Dirty Warfare must be prevented.

AGAINST RUSSIA :(
POINTS
Ukraine showed strength on the battlefield, using its right to self-defense in accordance with Article 51 of the UN Charter. And no one will reproach us now or in the future with weakness or inability to fight for ourselves, for our independence.
We did not provoke this war. We held 88 rounds of talks in various formats to prevent this war, just from the beginning of my presidency until February 24 this year.
Therefore, sanctions against the aggressor are part of the peace formula. Blocking the trade and relations with the aggressor is part of the peace formula. All this is a punishment.
So long as the aggressor is a party to decision-making in the international organizations, he must be isolated from them – at least until aggression lasts. Reject the right to vote. Deprive delegation rights. Remove the right of veto – if it is a Member of the UN Security Council. In order to punish the aggressor within the institutions.
A Special Tribunal should be created to punish Russia for the crime of aggression against our state. This will become a signal to all “would-be” aggressors, that they must value peace or be brought to responsibility by the world.
Russia should pay for this war with its assets. It is also a punishment. This is one of the most terrible punishments for Russian officials, who value money above everything else.
Ask, please, the representatives of Russia why the Russian military is so obsessed with such violent actions. What was done to them so that they want to do this to others?
That is why we need defense support – weapons, military equipment and shells. Offensive weapons, a long-range one is enough to liberate our land, and defensive systems, above all, air defense. And we need financial support – to keep internal stability and fulfill social obligations to our people.
Look at how many elements of global security Russia has undermined with its war – maritime safety, food safety, radiation safety, energy safety and safety from weapons of mass destruction.
What is true then? Sham referendums are also true. Russia wants war. It's true. But Russia will not be able to stop the course of history. 
Russia's demands were Ukraine's recognition of Russian-occupied Crimea, independence for separatist-controlled Luhansk and Donetsk, and "demilitarization" and "denazification”. No joining of NATO. 
Look at how many elements of global security Russia has undermined with its war – maritime safety, food safety, radiation safety, energy safety and safety from weapons of mass destruction.
There is a city called Izia which the Russians invaded, which was later captured back in an ukrainian offensive. A numerous amount of bodies in the city show signs of torture, including one with arms and legs torn off and a rope around his neck.
Shameless violation of the fundamental values of the UN
